Hello everyone. Thank you for joining the session with me today. My name is Tony Sai. I'm the senior marketing director of perfect corp. Today I give you a quick introduction on Ukan API. So UK API offers a very specialized range of solutions towards the beauty skin and the fashion categories. And this is the agenda I have prepared for our session today. For those of you who are not too familiar with Perfect Corp, I'll give you some background of who we are. and help you get a better understanding why we have been focusing so heavily on the beauty and the fashion industry. Uh and going into the next part, I'll give you a deep dive into all the APIs we're offering and then how you can leverage them in the innovative projects you're developing for the hackathon. And then lastly, I wanted to introduce to some of these um really helpful develop tools that we have come up with to help you speed up all your project development using our APIs. To start with, uh we are a company from Taiwan. So we have been in the technology industry for over 10 years. We were a very small team back in 2015. Uh we were spun off from another company called Cyberlink. So, Cyberlink even today is a leader in photo and video editing software solutions in the multimedia categories. As for Perfect Corp, uh since its beginning, we have been focusing on AI and AR virtual technologies and we have used those technologies to build and develop our own mobile apps for the consumer market and we have been quite successful at the mobile app space and they help us to give us the opportunity to uh get listed when IPO and get listed uh in the newest stock exchange. Meanwhile, we have also been working with many different brand partners and in many different part of the world. Therefore, our business is our business operations global. We have local teams, local office locations in major cities uh across the globe. As of today, Perfect Corp has over 300 employees and almost half the employees are R&D staff, which makes it a very technology heavy company. To give you a better idea of perfect core business model just like the slides is showing here there are two major part of it. Uh so on the left hand side we have been developing B2B enterprise solutions for our brand partners. Um so we have been serving 800 plus different brands globally worldwise having our solution integrated into their website channel in store and even social media. uh on the right hand side we have been using the technology to develop our own uh mobile applications uh for the direct to consumer market and has also been quite successful in this space with over 150 million global downloads. Taking a look at our B2B customer profile, you probably noticed that we have a lot of uh customers coming from the beauty, skin care, hair, nails and recently are coming from a lot of the jewelry also fashion categories and also give you a quick glimpse at the consumer mobile apps that we develop inhouse. Um so like I mentioned earlier uh we have been developing a lot of technologies into virtual try on augment and realities camera processing photo video editing as well as generative AI solutions. We have been incorporating all these technologies and enable them as consumer features across these five different apps plus one online tool website. So AI has been our major growth engine for both B2B and B2C segments and in the second part of my introduction to our APIs. A lot of these API were originated from our B2B enterprise solutions. So essentially we are enabling enterprisegrade AI and AR solutions in the categories of makeup, skincare, hair and fashions and uh we are offering them to the market in the form of APIs to all the developers out there and AI has also been equally important for us to continue to innovate and provide even more engaging more creative consumer experience across our mobile apps. Moving into the second part, we'll take a much closer look at our API offerings and each of the capabilities to help you to build your project. But first of all, we need to get all of you these 10,00 units to give you much more freedom exploring, experimenting with our API solutions. We're giving out 1,000 free API units to all the developers participating in the hackathon. All you need to do is just scan the QR code on the screen, go on to UK API website, create a new account, and follow the instruction on the screen, and then enter the redeem code to get uh the 1,00 free units into your account. And here's a screenshot to help you quickly find the place to enter the redeem code. So once you're logged in, go onto your profile, find APA integration, and find redeem code on the manual on the left. And once you're there, enter the code, click continue, and you'll get your 1,00 units to start with your project. So our APA solutions covers a wide range of categories including beauty, skin care, face, hair, fashion, apparel, body, and even photov video generations. It does make our API offerings one of the most comprehensive in beauty and fashion. To better follow all the APIs we have, we have reorganized them into these five major categories. For skin interface, we have complete set of APIs helping the developers understand user skin conditions and facial features better. Uh we have a complete virtual try on APIs for cosmetics. Uh we also have APIs for luxury experience into clothing, apparel and also jewelries. For hair, nails and beauty, there are virtual trial APIs as well as analysis API for hair texture and also hair length. And lastly, we also have a very set a set of supportive API to help the developers to generate high quality multimedia results for their users. As of today, we have 55 APIs across these five different categories we just mentioned. In this slide, I would like to show you that we have been aggressively updating and releasing new API to support our developers to enable even more feature sets into their projects. Our API ecosystem comprises of these four major parts. Uh we have the API console which is a web interface. uh it will allow you to set up all your API keys, set up web hooks for your projects as well as monitoring all the API usages through charts and the very simple to understand dashboard. The API playground is a great tool to let the developers to try the APIs without even writing a line of code. You will accept inputs together with specific parameters from the developers and provide output for the developer to conduct quick tests. uh with their different configurations and of course there are full API online documentations. We have also added a few additional quality of life features to help the developers speed up their project building and there are full MCP supports if you wish to enable all these API capabilities within your APA clients. We will go through some of these highlight categories that which are very popular among the developers that we work with and we're going to start with the skin and face category. We are one of the very few solution provider on the market offering full skin analysis capabilities through APIs and we are very proud of what we have achieved so far. Uh all the solutions have been validated by dermatologist in practice. The entire solution is very robust, very accurate. It was built completely in-house with over 70,000 medical images uh worth of training data and the entire solutions fully compliant with GDPR and also CCPA. Looking at the screenshot here, this is actually the playground for skin analysis. Uh so you as a developer you can use the playground by uploading a user's image and make selection of the skin categories for analysis and you'll get the results uh right from the playground. So what you'll be getting are individual skin score for each of the concerns uh overlay images as shown on the screenshots uh to highlight the problematic areas. So this is very useful to give user the visual reference of their own skin conditions and then on the right you have the four assets for the sample codes. Uh in this particular case besides skin analysis we have also developed another set of APIs for skin simulations. So instead of uh analyzing severity of skin concerns uh here we are actually showing the user and healing effect uh if they have certain type of uh uh skin issu issues. Taking example on acnes it will be very helpful to recommend users some sort of treatments or product to use. If we are able to show the the users uh the healing effects of using the treatment of the products uh uh to give them give them more confidence. Since our skin analysis solution is the most popular among the developers, I'm going to use this as an example to show you how our API plays a role in a typical project structure. First uh we need to get the user's portrait file. The image can be captured directly from the user's device and then second we send that image to the API server with API key. Once our API server receive the proper image will start analyzing process. Once the process is done, our API server will return the result in terms of skin scores, individual image as visual overlays. At this point uh the developer can start building their application experience using all this information can display the skin score this problem like the area overlays to the user to help them understand their skin conditions better. And many of our partners they are using this approach to develop uh subscription applications uh with skin diary tracking as well as product recommendation for e-commerce shopping journey and some even built virtual consultations uh advisors for clinic and mass spot scenarios as well as uh for lead generations by offering and uh skin report. Moving on, let's take a look at what we can offer in the fashion categories. So, first we have the clothes virtual try on APIs. Uh you will be able to allow your user to upload a full body photo of theirs. Our algorithm will be able to analyze uh their body types. So, when you select the clothing item will fit uh the clothing and perfectly on all different body types the user has. And you also have the option to do upper body, lower body tryons, full body tryons as well as the combination of tryons with the shoes. We have continuously improved our algorithm uh to provide better results. As you can see here, this was an upgrades from version two to version three. And as you can see that all the texture have been picked up more accurately with the latest algorithm. The same thing you can see here also the texture of the fabric uh with version three is much uh clearer improvements over version two as well as well as uh the details on the clothing items. So this was a reference image and then this was the version two's interpretation and then with version three you can see everything matched perfectly uh with his original reference. All the virtual tryon result that was seen just now were all done in the image format. But actually I'm I I think it's a much better experience if we can incorporate our image to video API to generate a short video so the user can actually see a very authentic uh uh motion video of them wearing the clothing item. Besides clothing virtryon, we also have the independent shoes virt. The idea is the same. Uh together with the user's image combining with a reference product image, we can generate multiple uh visual references. So the user can visualize if as if they're wearing these uh shoes items. The same concept and idea for bags. So we support uh shoulder strap bags, handbags, even backpacks. All these categories are le supported. Then equally for hats and also scarf as a complete set to support uh the complete fashion category. Moving to hair, the idea here is the same using the user's portrait image together with a reference hairstyle images. Then we can generate the virtron effect very naturally. And here instead of stopping at the still image uh it's much much better experience uh to generate a natural looking authentic videos for user to visualize completely as if they're wearing this new hairstyle and then we'll quickly go through the rest of the category in jewelry and also beauty. For jewelry, we support a full range of uh jewelry pieces um for rings, virtual tryon, watch, virtual tryon, bracelets, uh earrings, and even necklaces. So again, it's a complete set for all the luxury item virtual tryon effects. And then for the beauty uh where we'll start with the makeover to try on with complete set of cosmetic items across lipstick, blushes, eyeliner, mascara, foundations um as a full virtual try experience. And for nails, uh we can offer virtual tryon experiences in terms of nail polishes as well as uh nail art designs. And lastly, we'll go over some of these really handy developer tools that to speed up your project developments. First of all, let's take a quick look at our JavaScript camera kit. As you may already notice, many of our API require a clear user portrait image. So, from the very early feedback from all the developers that we work with, uh we decided to build this full camera kit to help the developer. So as you can see here the kit will automatically capture uh the user a clear user portrait in the correct format. So there are several things will actually detect by itself. Uh it will detect with if there's a correct lighting condition if the face angle is good if the p face position uh relevant to the camera distance is correct. Once all the criterias are met, uh a image will be be captured automatically. Secondly, I talked about the AI assistant within our online documentation in the earlier part. So this is where we actually incorporated an AI assistant that will allow to save you a lot of time from searching through the documentations. Um the developer will be able to ask questions directly and get answers. Uh even ask the assistant to generate sample codes, soft logical questions and um all the sample codes are also available in multiple programming languages uh as you can see here on the right. Uh so you can actually get very quick progress uh into your project building. The last quality of life feature is called the try endpoint. Uh it's fully embedded within the online documentation. The benefit is using this uh simple interface. Uh you will not be required to set up the entire environment or even an installed SDK to do uh small testing of each of these uh individual API calls. So you will save you a lot of time. You want to just validate the API calls very quickly. So I definitely recommend to try this out while you are uh you know studying or or doing the research on the documentations for each of the API calls. There will be certain amount of unit getting consumed. So I'm I am putting up the uh QR code here so you can link to the website where we have a table listing out the complete unit consumption for each of the APIs you may be using to build your project. And lastly, I'm very excited to be able to share all this information about our APIs with you. uh with your submissions uh you will be required to to use at least one you can APIs in your project have a short description together with screenshot and a demo video is the best to show all the innovations that you're building in your project I'm really looking forward for to seeing your cool ideas in this hackathon and thank you again for joining me today in this session